app/vmauth: properly start backend healths (#10860)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): `-maxScrapeSize` is now correctly applied when reading response bodies, including non-OK scrape error responses. See [#10804](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10804).
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/): fix `ec2_sd_configs` returning 401 `AuthFailure` from AWS when credentials are obtained via IRSA, instance role or `AWS_CONTAINER_CREDENTIALS_*` env vars. The regression was introduced in [v1.140.0](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/releases/tag/v1.140.0). See [#10815](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10815).
* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): fix leak of backend TCP connections, file descriptors and goroutines when the client cancels the request after the backend response has been received. See [#10833](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10833). Thanks to @andriibeee for the contribution.

> * BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): prevent rare panic introduced at v1.133.0 release. See [#10806](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10806).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/): fix a rare panic during config reload when a backend is marked as broken. See [#10806](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10806).
```
